README.md, before:

#### My Portfolio Page

As part of my Software Engineering Immersive at General Assembly in New York, I've built out a porfolio website that can be found actively hosted [here.](http://ah-portfolio.surge.sh/) Our page was required to have 3 sections, a carousel, smooth scrolling, a hamburger menu, and a contact form. Overall, I'm fairly happy with how it turned out, though it could always use a bit more polish.

The wireframes that I used to outline my design can be found [here.](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipNmZwIPkk7pcFz2gnMBPidk6PKOr7PlUcdTiA4NFPKT37xG7MqRA0eZR_rmK_Eg0w?key=TjFZVUUtRGpZX0VZNTFKdkppRldPTUFYQ041ZUZ3) My final design was almost exactly what I had envisioned. 

I employed vanilla Javascript, Bootstrap's CSS framework, FontAwesome for icons, and HTML to build my site.

My process was to start broad and work my way more specific. Rough out major sections, get them about how I wanted them to look, then build out the back-end functionality to match. This was particularly effective for my "My Work" section, as it ended up looking exactly like my mockup and was surprisingly easy to build.

I still have a few unsolved issues. I would like to tidy up the design a bit. In general, the carousel doesn't make me very happy. I kept it as it was part of the requirements for the project, but the look and functionality of it don't offer much. I would also like to really dial in the functionality and design of the nav bar. The fonts don't feel QUITE right, and the section-highlighting is not active.

I was really satisfied with the block design and the way I was able to get different sections to "float" in between those blocks. And it is totally responsive to boot(strap). Here are a few snippets of code that I'm happy with.

![](readme-assets/smooth-scroll.gif)

Commit message:

Updated Readme with Code Snippet Images

README.md, after:

#### My Portfolio Page

As part of my Software Engineering Immersive at General Assembly in New York, I've built out a porfolio website that can be found actively hosted [here.](http://ah-portfolio.surge.sh/) Our page was required to have 3 sections, a carousel, smooth scrolling, a hamburger menu, and a contact form. Overall, I'm fairly happy with how it turned out, though it could always use a bit more polish.

The wireframes that I used to outline my design can be found [here.](https://photos.google.com/share/AF1QipNmZwIPkk7pcFz2gnMBPidk6PKOr7PlUcdTiA4NFPKT37xG7MqRA0eZR_rmK_Eg0w?key=TjFZVUUtRGpZX0VZNTFKdkppRldPTUFYQ041ZUZ3) My final design was almost exactly what I had envisioned. 

I employed vanilla Javascript, Bootstrap's CSS framework, FontAwesome for icons, and HTML to build my site.

My process was to start broad and work my way more specific. Rough out major sections, get them about how I wanted them to look, then build out the back-end functionality to match. This was particularly effective for my "My Work" section, as it ended up looking exactly like my mockup and was surprisingly easy to build.

I still have a few unsolved issues. I would like to tidy up the design a bit. In general, the carousel doesn't make me very happy. I kept it as it was part of the requirements for the project, but the look and functionality of it don't offer much. I would also like to really dial in the functionality and design of the nav bar. The fonts don't feel QUITE right, and the section-highlighting is not active.

I was really satisfied with the block design and the way I was able to get different sections to "float" in between those blocks. And it is totally responsive to boot(strap). Here are a few snippets of code that I'm happy with.

![](readme_assets/Screen Shot 2019-08-11 at 6.29.57 PM.png)
This is one of the floating topper sections that allows different parts of my site to overlap.

![](readme_assets/Screen Shot 2019-08-11 at 6.30.50 PM.png)
This is my constructor to create my Card objects when pulling from the API data. This makes the next section much easier to navigate.

![](readme_assets/Screen Shot 2019-08-11 at 6.30.42 PM.png)
This is code used to build each of my Project cards in the DOM. This allows me to utilize the API to simply update a spreadsheet to keep content up-to-date.
